(  soft dramatic theme playing  )
Sorry, Mr. Bunty.
Have a nice lunch.
Hologram's working, Doc.
Game on.
Thanks, Cody.
Chase, you want to review
the rules for everyone
before we play?
Certainly. The rules
of Rescue Ball are...
there are no rules.
Exactly.
Try to get the ball
through the other team's goal
by any means necessary. Ready?
Does a scraplet eat metal?
That's a yes.
(  upbeat theme playing  )
( whistle blows )
( both grunting )
Whoa!
Ooh. Too low, too slow.
And too much ego.
( grunts )
May the force field
be with you, Dani.
( grunts )
Hunh! Oh...
Unh!
CHIEF:
End of the road, Frankie.
Sorry to disagree, Chief,
but I'm going through a phase.
( beeps )
Whoa.
( whistle blows )
One point for Heatwave's team.
Nice one, Frankie.
I thought Doc already gave
that phasing tech
to the company who ordered it.
I got to keep the prototypes.
I own plenty of corporations
that can get me anything I want.
So tell me, Dr. Morocco,
why should I do business
with you?
I believe you were interested in
acquiring some specialty robots?
(  ominous theme playing  )
And I know how to get them.
♪  A routine patrol
With four Bots in stasis  ♪
♪  Years later awoke
In the strangest of places  ♪
♪  Earth was their home now
And in addition  ♪
♪  Optimus Prime
Gave them this mission  ♪
♪   Learn from the humans
Serve and protect  ♪
♪  Live in their world
Earn their respect  ♪
♪  A family of heroes
Will be your allies  ♪
♪  To others remain
Robots in disguise  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots  ♪
♪  Roll to the rescue  ♪
♪  Humans in need  ♪
♪  Heroes indeed  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots  ♪
♪  Roll to the rescue  ♪
♪  With Cody to guide them
And show them the way  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots
Will be saving the day  ♪
♪  Rescue Bots  ♪
♪  Roll to the rescue  ♪
( birds chirping )
(  dramatic theme playing  )
I think you'll find I'm a worthy
business partner, Miss Pynch.
I can procure
what you need
to mine the gold
beneath Griffin Rock.
And I'll even get the mayor
to look the other way.
Talk is cheap, Morocco.
Please, call me Thaddeus.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( gasps )
Oh, dear. Do excuse me
whilst I freshen up.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
A bit of anti-aging
technology
I liberated from a rival.
How much do you want for it?
Fifty million?
I'll even go a hundred.
Uh, I'm afraid I can't sell
the Verne Device.
It has so many uses.
This invention can turn back
time on the body or the mind.
A blast from this helmet
will erase years
of someone's memories.
Let's take it
for a test drive.
( doorbell chiming )
Hello?
"Dear Mayor Luskey,
please accept a free sample
"of our newest
hair regrowing device.
Best wishes,
the Hair Recovery Lab."
Finally.
Some useful science.
( chuckles )
( groans )
( gasps )
Do I...know you?
Thaddeus? You're hired.
Now get me
my rescue robots.
(  upbeat theme playing  )
Power up and energize.
( laughs )
You can't steal the ball
when you can't touch it.
And you can't score a goal
when you can't reach it.
Ugh. Aw, no fair.
I don't have
a third form.
Sure you do.
Helicopter, Bot, and whiner.
Not a whiner.
( phone ringing )
Time out, everyone.
Dad's got an emergency call.
We'll be there right away, sir.
Mayor Luskey just tried to drive
across Franklin Bridge.
That bridge was destroyed
last year.
I'm betting
that's the emergency.
Game's over, team.
Let's move.
Um, who won?
If you have to ask,
it wasn't you.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Help! Help!
( sirens wailing )
( grunts )
( pants )
Where did you get those robots?
They're amazing.
Are you feeling okay, Mr. Mayor?
I'm fine, Graham.
Uh, I'm Graham.
That's Cody.
Cody?
The last time I saw you,
you were in diapers.
They grow up so fast,
don't they, Chief?
I think we'd better get you
to a doctor, Mayor Luskey.
BLADES:
Heatwave may have won
Rescue Ball,
but I still beat him back home.
And that means bragging rights?
It means I'm in charge
of the TV.
Cupcake Hoarders,
here I come.
(  upbeat theme playing  )
(  upbeat theme playing on TV  )
VOICE:
Help! Can anyone hear me?
Heatwave?
VOICE:
Hurry. I'm in trouble.
Heatwave? What happened?
What are you doing in here?
Waiting...
For you.
( gasps )
( groans )
One down, three to go.
Ugh.
This show again?
Blades, if you're not watching
the TV, I'm turning it off.
That is odd. Usually Blades is
quite protective of the remote.
I hope he's not still upset
about losing
the Rescue Ball game.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Blades? What were you
doing in the tunnels?
Patrolling the area.
Oh, a commendable
pastime.
( grunting )
Uh, Blades?
Don't you want
to watch TV with us?
BLADES:
If it is what you wish.
He's definitely
still upset.
(  ominous theme playing  )
There. A little antidote,
and you're as good as new.
( whirring )
( gasps )
Now, now.
No point in pretending.
I know you're an alien.
I am a rescue robot.
And I'm the Duchess of Kent.
Greetings, duchess.
When I broke into
the Firehouse,
I stole your data files.
They're quite educational.
I learned about Optimus Prime,
your missions,
and how to capture you
with a meteor's virus.
I know
all about you, Blade.
It's Blades. With an S?
Guess you don't know everything.
Then please...
Enlighten me.
( yelps )
Let go.
Dani's gonna come find me,
and she'll be really mad.
I'll risk it.
Besides...
she doesn't even know
you're gone.
( gasps )
While you Rescue Bots
serve me,
these copies
will replace you.
Chief Burns
should be grateful.
I even figured out
how to make them transform.
( laughs )
I got you to reveal
your evil plan.
Now I'll tell everyone.
Oh, I doubt that.
In fact, you won't even remember
this conversation.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( screams )
BLADES:
Where...am I?
Heatwave?
What happened to our ship?
Oh, thank goodness
you're all right, Blades.
Your ship crashed on my planet.
Optimus Prime
has given me orders
to guide your Rescue Bot team.
Who are you?
You may call me...
Friend.
CODY:
Blades, check it out.
I scored tickets
to the Pirate Movie Marathon
at the drive in.
Are you in, matey?
I will accompany you
if you wish.
Come on, Blades. Quit pouting
about the game already.
This is pirates.
You love pirates.
If you say so.
( phone ringing )
Chief, Dr. McSwain asked me
to help her examine the mayor.
There's nothing wrong with him
physically, but mentally...
MAYOR:
When did I get this tattoo?
And who's Rosebud?
It seems he has forgotten
the last ten years of his life.
What do you think caused that?
I'm not quite certain.
I've been trying
memory cues, but--
Is that Chief? Charlie.
I've had the best idea.
What if we built a library
made totally
out of recyclables?
( phone beeping )
I'm gonna have to call you back.
This is Chief, go ahead.
CHASE:
Sir. There's been an accident.
Blades was monitoring
the Police radio
and detected a distress call.
Two spelunkers are trapped
by a cave-in on Mount Griffin.
Why didn't they call us
directly?
I am not sure, sir. Blades said
the radio signal was very faint.
And there's no camera
underground to spot them.
We'd better hurry.
( sirens wailing )
(  dramatic theme playing  )
This cave's been closed
to people for years.
It's far too unstable.
I wonder how anyone got in.
What matters
is getting them out.
( grunts )
CHIEF: Look out.
( Dani screams )
This cavern
is too dangerous for humans.
We should go in alone.
Since when do I
avoid danger?
And since when do you
volunteer for it?
There's no time to argue.
The people inside could be hurt
and running out of air.
Go ahead,
but be careful.
(  tense theme playing  )
( grunting )
Morocco?
Retreat.
Blades, move.
Rescue Bots, report.
What's going on in there?
Rescue Bots, do you copy?
Chase,
why didn't you answer me?
I was busy.
Where are the spelunkers?
BOULDER:
There were no humans to rescue.
HEATWAVE:
The message was a prank.
Weird. And Blades
was the only one who heard it.
Weirder.
(  ominous theme playing  )
( grunts )
Morocco. And Blades.
How could he betray us?
I am not certain
that was Blades.
While I have enjoyed his recent
dedication to procedure,
it is quite unlike
the Blades we know.
I knew Graham shouldn't have
kept that sample of meteor.
Morocco must have stolen it and
used its virus to capture us.
Well, I don't intend
to stay captured.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( grunting )
Rescue Bots,
roll to the exit.
( grunting )
Ah.
Who's rap-rap-rapping
at my door?
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( groans )
Where... Where are we?
Well, that wraps up our shift,
Chase.
Let's head home for dinner.
I'm starving.
As you command,
Chief Burns.
Whoa.
Chase, take it easy.
Boulder, can you hand me
an Allen wrench?
That is not a wrench.
Nice joke, bud.
( tires squealing )
Family meeting,
upstairs.
Something strange
is going on with the Bots.
They're not acting
like themselves.
I noticed that too.
They've been weird lately.
Heatwave's been great.
No complaining, no arguing.
( chuckles )
What's wrong with him?
I'm not sure. Why don't we
all talk to our partners?
See if we can find out
what's bothering them.
Hey, Heatwave.
Can I ask you a question?
If you wish to.
Remember when you first
got here?
I showed you around
Griffin Rock?
I took you guys to a drive in
movie. What was it about?
I do not recall.
Sure you do.
Just think.
Perhaps you should go outside
and play now, young Burns.
Heatwave?
Why can't I see your eyes?
(  ominous theme playing  )
Dad? I don't think anything's
bothering the Bots.
I don't think they are the Bots.
You know who this is, of course.
Optimus Prime, our leader.
Top marks, Heatwave.
Optimus made me your liaison
on this planet.
You probably don't remember,
but he helped you scan
your new forms
for the important job
you have.
Will it be
a rescue mission, sir?
In a sense.
And there are those
who would thwart you in it.
These dangerous criminals
will stop at nothing
to prevent your work.
They are not
to be trusted.
Even the little one?
Especially the little one.
You are only
to follow orders from me
or your mission leader,
Blades.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
With all due respect, doctor,
usually I lead the team.
Well, this time,
Optimus chose me.
Unless you're questioning
a Prime's direct command?
( grunts )
DANI:
You think this'll work, Cody?
There's no way the real Bots
would go into the EMP zone.
They know it would
shut them off.
So if the Bots follow
our orders, they're fakes?
One way to find out.
Rescue Bots,
enter the fenced area.
As you command.
(  tense theme playing  )
( electricity crackling )
( all powering down )
GRAHAM:
Wires and electronics?
They're machines,
not aliens.
So what happened
to our Bots?
Somebody must have
taken them.
Why else build
such accurate replacements?
Whoever did this
didn't want us
to find out
our partners were gone.
How do we
get 'em back, Dad?
I'm not sure, son.
I'm not sure.
MADELINE:
I'm tired of waiting.
When can my robots
start mining gold?
Patience, Madeline.
The Bots are ready now,
but tunneling to the gold
deposits will take weeks.
They're completely
landlocked.
Good thing I bought a key.
Doctor Greene's phasing device.
I'm disappointed you didn't
trust me to steal it for you.
Trust is earned, Thaddeus.
Bring me that gold,
and we'll talk.
I assure you,
you won't be disappointed.
I know. Because if I am,
you'll pay for it.
We've tried everything,
Frankie.
But the Bots' coms
are off.
And there's nothing
on the island cameras.
I'm worried that the Bots
are in serious trouble.
My dad can help. We'll track
down the Bots, Cody. Promise.
Thanks, Frankie. It's just...
like losing part of my family.
You know?
Yeah, I do.
It is time. Rescue Bots,
prepare for your mission.
This phasing technology will
let you travel through rock.
When you reach your target,
collect all the gold you find.
Excuse me, sir, but is there
any actual rescue involved?
Heatwave.
Oh, yes.
The humans of Earth
are relying upon your success.
If there are
no more questions...
Just follow my submarine.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
According to the map,
this is where we start digging.
Blades. Don't you think
it's a little strange
our first mission
on a new planet is mining?
Perhaps gold is like Energon
to the humans,
their lifeblood
and source of energy.
I analyzed Morocco. He only has
traces of gold in his system.
Look, it doesn't matter
why we're doing this.
It's what Optimus Prime
ordered.
But how do you know?
Did you actually speak to him?
Well, no, but...
I think we can trust
Dr. Morocco.
Hello. He's a doctor.
Now let's get going already.
Power up and energize.
( beeping )
Wait, Blades.
I'm detecting the presence
of methane in this chamber.
One spark
could cause an explosion.
Well...
I guess we can still
follow orders carefully.
(  tense theme playing  )
(  suspenseful theme playing  )
(  dramatic theme playing  )
Priscilla, darling?
It's Mother.
I'll be joining you in Paris
a little sooner than expected.
At least my investment
won't be a total failure.
Stay back, folks.
This ground is unstable.
CODY:
Dad, I think someone's in there.
(  dramatic theme playing  )
( grunting )
Is it really them?
Heatwave.
You're back.
It is the small criminal
Dr. Morocco warned us about.
What should we do?
I'll take care of this.
(  tense theme playing  )
Heatwave, it's me. Cody.
Don't you recognize me?
HEATWAVE:
Stay back, human.
This is your only warning.
(  dramatic theme playing  )